Ride Generation functions required

     Starts locally with simple email transfers and imports. Will be rebuilt in final model to support an interface for orgs and businesses to create ride on their website and allow the online transfer of ride definitions.

Preq: Identify unique meshtastic device id owned config histories can be built and stored on local devices
      Much functionality for connect radios and pulling and pushing data will be bashed on meshtastic web client and  android clients
      Add new submenu to Convoy settings menu. four menu functions titled:
              Create Event/Ride
              Trans Event Ride Configuration
              Update Radio for Event Ride
              Restore Previous Radio Cfg
1. Create a function to create a new Event/Ride Configuration  ( has a name and a creation/expiration date, email address
    A function creates a config file with specific configuration values supplied as a default. We will use my T-1000 config as default.
    B. Leave a blank entry for including a map area image to be downloaded to support the event/ride
    c. create process to save cfg and entry point future map database downloaded or transferred into local compacted database 
    d. Channel name should be Convoy followed by unique code possible 128 encryption keys depending on field size
    e. Channel encryption keys should use the 256 bit encryption function in the current web client
    e. function should be modeled on android meshtastic client import and exports
2. Create a function to email the above configuration file to a self extracting file to database of events and add to maps 
   database Maps are a future feature this is a placeholder)
   A. this is a small scale implementation of base functionality which will be used in a web  app to replace supplement this                local data base ride model
   B. Final build will introduce Orgs and companies as owners of rides. Protype is and individual implementation for adhoc rides.
3. Function Version prototype for version 3  roadmap to apply a ride id from a local database (available after install Item 3. above
    a) select an event ride to be applied from list of database files
    b) save current config to a directory of backups known  channel name and save date. 
    c) apply new file using meshtastic web client software as a model. connect to device and update device cfg systemically.
    d) allow changing of device longname only during the install no other values can be touched
4.Function to restore previous radio cfg by presenting a list of previous saved  owned by cfgs decending by date with Channel name displayed
    a) Select cfg file and apply changes using the same update function created for function 3 above.
    b) display cfg saves newest to oldest.
    c) apply saved configs using import function from mesgtastic android client